stackoverflow_survey_2024 (#737)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/2024/2024-09-03/readme.md

# Stack Overflow Annual Developer Survey 2024

This week's dataset is derived from the 2024 Stack Overflow Annual Developer Survey. Conducted in May 2024, the survey gathered responses from over 65,000 developers across seven key sections:

1.  Basic information
2.  Education, work, and career
3.  Tech and tech culture
4.  Stack Overflow community
5.  Artificial Intelligence  (AI)
6.  Professional Developer Series - Not part of the main survey
7.  Thoughts on Survey

The dataset provided for this analysis focuses exclusively on the single-response questions from the main survey sections. Each categorical response in the survey has been integer-coded, with corresponding labels available in the crosswalk file.

What can you see about developer demographics? How do developers engage with Stack Overflow? What do they think about AI?

> Thank you to [credit](https://github.com/havishak) for curating this week's dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to [Havisha Khurana](https://github.com/havishak) for curating this week's dataset!
```
